Add readme (#5)
codex-team/hawk.android.app: README.md

# Hawk #

> This is mobile adaptation for web site. You can find all the information about the site on [Hawk.so](https://github.com/codex-team/hawk) repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an Android app for Hawk. You can find all the information about the project on [Hawk.so](https://github.com/codex-team/hawk) repository.
```

## Structure ##

> The application is divided on several modules, each of where is responsible for his layer in the application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application is divided into several modules, each of them is responsible for its layer in the application
```

Modules:

> * uicomponent is layer there declared custom view for application with styles for it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `uicomponent` is the layer with a custom view and styles for an application.
```

> * codexbl is layer there declared business logic for application and presenters for communication with ui logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `codexbl` is the layer with business logic for an application and presenters for communication with UI logic.
```

> * hawkapi is layer with methods for communication with server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hawkapi` is the layer with methods for communication with the server.
```

> * SourceInterface is layer there declared all interfaced for source. That source provide methods for getting information from server, databases or other source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `SourceInterface` is the model storing interfaces describing access to any source — API or other
```

## Libraries ##

> In the application used next libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next libraries are used in the application:
```

* [Koin](https://github.com/InsertKoinIO/koin)
* [RxJava2](https://github.com/ReactiveX/RxJava)
* [Retrofit2](https://github.com/square/retrofit)
* [Apollo](https://github.com/apollographql/apollo-android)

## References

> You can find useful information on next links:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find useful information following the next links:
```

> * [Design of application](https://app.zeplin.io/project/5b4f2f07729e51c208c27414?seid=5d277835f400e26b00899977)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Design of an application](https://app.zeplin.io/project/5b4f2f07729e51c208c27414?seid=5d277835f400e26b00899977)
```

> * [New design of application](https://www.figma.com/file/DoU67iXlU5FjBKXBfwPd3l/HawkMobile?node-id=173%3A5752)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [New design of an application](https://www.figma.com/file/DoU67iXlU5FjBKXBfwPd3l/HawkMobile?node-id=173%3A5752)
```

> * [Site of hawk project](https://stage.hawk.so/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Site of Hawk project](https://stage.hawk.so/)
```
